Design the solution
Prepare for implementation
Prepare the test/QA environment
Install the product in the test/QA environment.
Implement distributed data feeds (this can be done in parallel with the Source/390 data feed implementation).
Implement Source/390 data feeds on the test LPAR (this can be done in parallel with the distributed data feed implementation)
Implement a business system in the test/QA environment.
Prepare the production environment.
Install the product in the production environment.
Implement distributed data feeds in the production environment.
Implement Source/390 data feeds in the production environment.
Implement a business system in the production environment.
Install the history server.
Install the Health Monitor.
Enable the problem/change interface
Create and present administrator and operator training information
Create a solution maintenance plan
Identify resources to be monitored.
Define users and workflow
Identify event sources by resource type.
Define the relationship between resources and business systems.
Identify tasks and URLs by resource type.
Define the server configuration.
Identify the implementation team.
Order the server hardware for production as well as test/quality assurance (QA).
Order console machines.
Order prerequisite software.
Identify the test LPAR.
Identify production LPARs.
Schedule changes as required.
Create user IDs and groups.
Install test and QA servers and prerequisite software.
Install console machines and prerequisite software.
Verify connectivity from test and QA servers to test LPAR, Tivoli Enterprise Console(R) server, and console machines.
Install Tivoli Business Systems Manager and appropriate patches on test or QA servers.
Install Tivoli Business Systems Manager on console machines.
Install event enablement on the Tivoli Enterprise Console server.
Install Tivoli Business Systems Manager and appropriate maintenance on the test LPAR.
Create configuration level objects for the test LPAR.
Configure servers, Source/390 on the test LPAR, event enablement on the Tivoli Enterprise Console server, and verify connectivity.
Extend the data model.
Configure the instance placement.
Configure the Tivoli Enterprise Console rules to send events.
Associate tasks and URLs with object types.
Configure filtering, if appropriate.
Perform discovery, if required.
Configure the event source.
Verify the event flow.
Design a relatively simple business system.
Create the Automated Business Systems configuration file and XML definitions for the business system.
Test the Automated Business Systems file and XML definitions to verify resource inclusion and placement.
Install production servers and prerequisite software.
Install console machines and prerequisite software.
Verify connectivity from production servers to the production LPAR, Tivoli Enterprise Console server, and console machines.
Install Tivoli Business Systems Manager and appropriate patches on production servers.
Install Tivoli Business Systems Manager on console machines.
Install event enablement on the Tivoli Enterprise Console server.
Install Tivoli Business Systems Manager and appropriate maintenance on the production LPARs.
Create configuration level objects for the production LPARs.
Configure servers, Source/390 on the production LPARs, event enablement on the Tivoli Enterprise Console server, and verify connectivity.
Extend the data model.
Configure the instance placement.
Configure the Tivoli Enterprise Console rule to send events.
Associate tasks and URLs with object types.
Configure filtering, if appropriate.
Perform discovery, if required.
Configure the event source.
Verify the event flow.
Create the Automated Business Systems configuration file and XML definitions for the business system.
Test the Automated Business Systems file and XML definitions to verify resource inclusion and placement.
Create databases on the history server.
Set up and test jobs on the database server to produce the database backup.
Set up and test jobs to copy backup databases to the history server.
Set up and test jobs to replicate events to the history server.
Install the Tivoli Business Systems Manager health monitor software.
Customize the health monitor to match your environment.
Test the health monitor client functions.
Install your request processor on the Tivoli Business Systems Manager database server for use by the problem and change request processing function.
Update the SystemConfiguration table to reflect your request processor names along with processing options for the request processors.
Optionally, update the TSD_SCIM table to specify resource options for problem ticket creation.
Consider training a key group and have them train their peers.
Evaluate the addition and deletion of user IDs.
Establish a relationship between Tivoli Business Systems Manager and change management so that as the environment changes, business systems can change with it.
Monitor system performance and adjust hardware as required.
